feat: add `math/base/special/lucasf` (#6223)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/lucasf/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# Lucasf

> > Compute the nth [Lucas number][lucas-number] in single-precision floating-point format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Compute the nth [Lucas number][lucas-number] as a single-precision floating-point number.
```

<section class="intro">

The [Lucas numbers][lucas-number] are the integer sequence

<!-- <equation class="equation" label="eq:lucas_sequence" align="center" raw="2, 1, 3, 4, 7, 11, 18, 29, 47, 76, 123, 199, 322, \ldots" alt="Lucas sequence"> -->

```math
2, 1, 3, 4, 7, 11, 18, 29, 47, 76, 123, 199, 322, \ldots
```

<!-- <div class="equation" align="center" data-raw-text="2, 1, 3, 4, 7, 11, 18, 29, 47, 76, 123, 199, 322, \ldots" data-equation="eq:lucas_sequence">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/stdlib-js/stdlib@bb29798906e119fcb2af99e94b60407a270c9b32/lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/lucasf/docs/img/equation_lucas_sequence.svg" alt="Lucas sequence">
    <br>

> </div> -->

Reviewer: You can remove this, as this will be automatically populated.

<!-- </equation> -->

The sequence is defined by the recurrence relation

<!-- <equation class="equation" label="eq:lucas_recurrence_relation" align="center" raw="L_n = \begin{cases}2 & \textrm{if}\ n = 0\\1 & \textrm{if}\ n = 1\\L_{n-1} + L_{n-2} & \textrm{if}\ n > 1\end{cases}" alt="Lucas sequence recurrence relation"> -->

```math
L_n = \begin{cases}2 & \textrm{if}\ n = 0\\1 & \textrm{if}\ n = 1\\L_{n-1} + L_{n-2} & \textrm{if}\ n > 1\end{cases}
```

<!-- <div class="equation" align="center" data-raw-text="L_n = \begin{cases}2 &amp; \textrm{if}\ n = 0\\1 &amp; \textrm{if}\ n = 1\\L_{n-1} + L_{n-2} &amp; \textrm{if}\ n &gt; 1\end{cases}" data-equation="eq:lucas_recurrence_relation">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/stdlib-js/stdlib@bb29798906e119fcb2af99e94b60407a270c9b32/lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/lucasf/docs/img/equation_lucas_recurrence_relation.svg" alt="Lucas sequence recurrence relation">
    <br>

> </div> -->

Reviewer: Same comment

<!-- </equation> -->

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var lucasf = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/lucasf' );
```

#### lucasf( n )

> Computes the nth [Lucas number][lucas-number] in single-precision floating-point format.

Reviewer: Same comment

```javascript
var v = lucasf( 0 );
// returns 2

v = lucasf( 1 );
// returns 1

v = lucasf( 2 );
// returns 3

v = lucasf( 3 );
// returns 4

v = lucasf( 34 );
// returns 12752043
```

If `n > 34`, the function returns `NaN`, as larger [Lucas numbers][lucas-number] cannot be safely represented in [single-precision floating-point format][ieee754].

```javascript
var v = lucasf( 35 );
// returns NaN
```

If not provided a nonnegative integer value, the function returns `NaN`.

```javascript
var v = lucasf( 3.14 );
// returns NaN

v = lucasf( -1 );
// returns NaN
```

If provided `NaN`, the function returns `NaN`.

```javascript
var v = lucasf( NaN );
// returns NaN
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript

> var lucasf = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/lucasf' );

Reviewer: This should also be refactored to use `logEachMap`

Author: Shouldn't we use `array/base/linspace` here to get the lucasf values in an increasing order like `lucasf( 0 )` till n as compared to using a `discreteUniform` here which would give us random lucasf values.

cc: @anandkaranubc

Reviewer: @hrshya Either is fine, I believe. The goal is to showcase a working code example. I changed it to use `discreteUniform` to align with the other refactoring being done in `math/base/special`. Another reason is that you were using `linspace` with four arguments, including `opts`, which `linspace` doesn't require. 

https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/blob/18710227bb4adc73c7712fe97930adf933ad4d57/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/array/base/linspace/lib/main.js#L35

If you think this change was accidentally propagated to other packages, a PR is probably needed for that.

var v;
var i;

for ( i = 0; i < 35; i++ ) {
    v = lucasf( i );
    console.log( v );
}
```

</section>

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/math/base/special/lucasf.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_lucasf( n )

> Computes the nth [Lucas number][lucas-number] in single-precision floating-point format.

Reviewer: Same comment

```c

> double out = stdlib_base_lucasf( 0 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
float out = stdlib_base_lucasf( 0 );
```

// returns 2.0f

out = stdlib_base_lucasf( 1 );
// returns 1.0f
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **n**: `[in] int32_t` input value.

```c

> float stdlib_base_lucas( const int32_t n );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
float stdlib_base_lucasf( const int32_t n );
```
